COMPANY INTRODUCTION
 Welcome to Cybernetics Auto's world of possibilities, where every learning 
challenge becomes a stepping stone to your success! Cybernetics Auto Limited 
Company is based in Nairobi – Kenya where we have a strong focus on 
enhancing teaching, learning, improving student outcomes, and streamlining 
school administrative tasks. 
Cybernetics Auto School Management is a cloud based system meaning, you can 
access it from anywhere, anytime. The platform helps streamline and simplify the 
administrative processes and operations involved within our basic education. We 
excel at giving teachers and administrators the tools and insights they need to 
monitor students' progress and foster a successful learning environment, this 
platform enables students to reach their full potential in their educational 
experience.
 We do believe that every student with the potential to excel academically 
deserves access to the necessary financial resources. A recent study by 
WorldRemit indicates that education cost for most households in Kenya is 
approximately 10 times their average monthly household income. Today, 
Cybernetics Auto Company has a resourceful solution for this where we plan 
to introduce a 
. It'll be a mobile based App 
School Fees Loans Issuance Program
 where parents can request up to 30% of the school fees to be paid directly to 
the school to help avoid student being rejected at school for lack of fees.
 We are also introducing  
related programs and tools to 
Artificial intelligence (AI)
 enhance our existing platforms and offer more to our students and teachers. We 
intend to use AI to help teachers overcome common classroom management 
challenges. Solutions provided by AI include more efficiently supporting students 
of various levels of ability simultaneously, providing enriching multimedia 
experiences beyond studying textbooks and providing personalized tutoring 
without reducing teacher bandwidth in an already crowded classroom.
 Welcome to our Pitch Deck as we review our programs and seek business 
partners who'll assist us financially and technically achieve our goals as we run 
this profit making ventures in Kenya. 
Thank you 

SCHOOL MANAGEMENT PROBLEM STATEMENT
 Communication and Collaboration Problem 
Learning Institutions involve lots of communication and collaboration. Teachers, 
students, and parents have to be able to talk within their groups and also to one 
another. Cybernetics Auto solutions helps handle communication gaps within 
all parties. 
Student Data Analysis & Monitoring
 Teachers are struggling to watch student's activities including attendance, 
discipline and assignments, etc. School administrators are lacking in result-based 
monitoring tools to track student progress and their academic history.
 Paper-Based Processes
 Most aspects of addressing learning institutions involve some reasonable 
paperwork. Piles of records on admission, fees, attendance, academic 
performance, staff records, and other tasks are almost endless.
 Financial Management
 Budget constraints, fee collection and financial reporting can be challenging 
for school administrators. Inaccurate financial management may lead to 
resource shortages, affecting the quality of education and extracurricular 
activities.
 Technological Integration
 Many schools face difficulties in effectively integrating and utilizing technology 
for administrative tasks and educational purposes. All institutions need to stay 
current with technological advancements.
 Cybernetics Auto Resource Center
 Students will have access to quality e-learning resources administrator-approved 
lessons & materials in one space, teachers will spend more time effectively 
planning, instructing and engaging with students. 
1
 CYBERNETICS AUTO SOLUTIONS / FEATURES
 DASHBOARDS
 Cybernetics Auto's platform is designed in 
such a way that we focus on elements that 
are more relevant to the user type. This 
makes it easier for users to find things that 
are more relevant to them quickly and easily. 
Our platform dashboards are simple but 
elegant.
 ADMISSIONS,  STUDENT PROFILE, 
REPORTS AND COMMUNICATION
 Cybernetics Auto's platform provides an 
admission feature to capture a student & 
parent's bio data during registration. This 
feature helps create a more efficient student 
enrolment & progress process. It records 
every detail about the student and 
incorporates communication between school 
and parents through SMS, Newsletters and 
all academic periodical reports.
 3
 EXAMS RESULTS 
MANAGEMENT FEATURE
 This feature allows the class teacher to key 
in end term results and sends them to the 
parent. Everything on a normal report form 
is recorded there including teachers review 
and recommendations.
 5
 AI GENERATED INTERGRATED 
E- LEARNING
 As the world continues to go digital, the E-Learning 
industry is also undergoing significant changes. One of 
these changes Cybernetics Auto Limited is focused on 
is the introduction of artificial intelligence (AI) into 
E-Learning.There are four main areas of AI application 
in education which are analytics, language, vision, and 
voice. We plan to venture in Analytics and Language 
moreas they are believed to have the greatest 
impact on E-Learning.
 7
 2
 4
 WORKSHOP & TRAINING
 We also engage students physically through 
workshops and training programs to unlock their 
creativity in various life lessons. We cover a wide 
range of topics, including mental health issues, 
Personal Hygiene, Public Speaking, Ethics & 
Anti-Corruption, Career Choices, Building 
Confidence& Resilience, Online Data Security, Risk 
Management, Cyberbullying, Social Media, 
Phonography, Crisis Response and more. This 
physical lessons & topics are also available from our 
Tablets and online platforms.
 STUDY & LEARNING 
MATERIALS
 6
 Cybernetics Auto website will be a resourceful 
platform where learning content will be 
uploaded and can be downloaded by the public 
at a cost, the content will cover kindergarten, 
primary and high school education levels. The 
content will also be available on the system 
feature for schools that pay for the feature.
 SCHOOL  WEBSITE & 
CURRICULUM DISPLAY 
This feature allows the school have their information 
displayed on our official website. Important data like 
comprehensive school learning curriculum, all 
specials including meal programs and sports facilities 
for parents to see what the school offers to assist in 
their child admission decision making. We can also 
create your school website to tell your story of 
success and principles. We will also offer Digital 
Marketing and Social Media Management services  
LIVE STREAMING AND 
RECORDED VIDEOS
 8
 Cybernetics Auto's platform can be embedded 
with virtual platforms such as Zoom, Google 
Meet, YouTube or Vimeo to provide a seamless 
communication platform to help teachers, 
students and parents maintain a healthy 
personalized and transparent communication. 
9
 TRANSPORT MONITORING
 In the realm of educational logistics, Cybernetics Auto 
Management cares for all students' safety and 
efficiency. We are thus working on a system that not 
only provides real-time data on vehicle locations but 
also enhances the overall safety measures through 
detailed monitoring and analysis. At its core, our 
solution will leverage GPS technology for tracking, 
alongside various communication and data analysis 
tools to monitor the real-time location and status of 
all school vehicles.
 SCHOOL FEES MANAGEMENT
 10
 This is an all-in-one solution for managing fee 
collection, the school will efficiently manage student 
fee payments, record fee transactions and generate 
f
 inancial reports in a streamlined and secure platform. 
This feature includes automated fee reminders, 
receipt generation and concession management. We 
have streamlined the fee collection process, to 
reduce errors and enhance transparency in financial 
transactions.
SCHOOL FEES LOAN PROGRAM
 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
 Mobile loans are the most common form of credit in Kenya, accounting for 53% of all active 
loan accounts with a total balance of KES 165B ($1.3B). Kenyans are seeking mobile loans at 
a high rate due to a combination of economic pressures and the accessibility of digital lending 
platforms.  With a significant portion of the population facing low incomes and a rising cost of 
living resulting from inflation and global economic challenges, many turn to mobile loans to 
cover daily expenses, medical & school fees emergencies and small business needs. 
Empowering Your Educational Journey
 We believe that every student with the potential 
to excel academically deserves access to the 
necessary financial resources. Whether through 
private or public schooling, an uninterrupted 
quality education is worth the acquisition of a 
personal loan for school fees.
 Cybernetics Auto Company understands the financial 
needs to develop, manage and operate this Mobile 
Based Loan App program and upon our research and 
development, we have the technology prerequisites 
and strategic formula to run it. This is an income generating business platform that when 
well-funded, managed with all legal, financial and risk management & mitigation well assessed 
has the capacity to IMPACT our communities positively and earn great REVENUE for all 
partners.
 HOW IT WORKS
 1.  Application Process
 You provide personal information, income details, student bio and credit history. Our system 
will do a quick credit check to assess your eligibility to determine loan terms.
 2.  Approval and Agreement Process
 Our system will review and decide if you qualify and the amount that can be loaned. When 
approved, you'll receive the loan notification offer detailing the amount, repayment period, 
interest rate. If you confirm your commitment to our terms, the system proceeds to 
depositing the amount to the school's account.
 3.  Approval and Repayment Process:
 After the loan is disbursed to the school, repayment agreements begins according to the 
agreed schedule, typically in bi-weekly, monthly installments. You'll need to ensure timely 
payments to avoid late fees, interest charges or damage to your credit score. Our system 
will allow early payoff or make small installments.
CYBERNETICS AUTO FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS
 As Cybernetics Auto Limited management, we try to make data-driven business decisions for 
better results, this includes our projects financial analysis and future projections. We believe 
that accurate forecasting of project costs enables us all to make informed decisions about 
resource allocation, funding, and overall project strategy to close-out projects on time and 
within budget. We have done our financial computations and we are seeking an investor (s) 
who'll join our resourceful and profit making business and help us raise Kshs 80 Million 
or USD 620K. In Kenya alone, we have over 32,000 public & private schools that could 
adopt our School Management System. Secondly, we have a huge margin of 22.4 Million 
parents who need schools fees every term, their age's lies between 25 years to 60 years. All
 these people have access to smart phones and will be our potential clients for the Mobile 
Loans App Program. We are ready to go the extra miles to achieve this through a well 
calculated 5 year plan as listed below
 TIMELINE
 Product Development & Pilot Phase
 Year 1
 Conduct further market research and competitive analysis by engaging all 
stakeholders to gather detailed functional and non-functional requirements.
 Evaluate available technologies, platforms, and infrastructure requirements then 
develop a system architecture (backend, frontend, database design).
 Set up the development environment and testing frameworks which will complete 
development of the core features, then begin integrating communication modules 
and implement role-based dashboards.
 Perform user acceptance testing (UAT) and fix bugs to optimize performance before 
deploying both the system and mobile loans app to pilot schools for live testing.
 Launch pilot programs in 50+ schools and 500 parents to gather feedback and 
refine the system.
 Collaborate with schools to integrate payment systems and with Safaricom for Mpesa 
mobile money.
 Register with the Central Bank of Kenya and comply with the Data Protection Act for 
data handling.
 Product Development & Integration
 Gather data from previous year and implement positive changes as we 
purpose to expand to 500+ schools focusing on Kenya's major urban areas.
 Conduct training sessions for teachers, administrators, and IT support staff.
 Begin offering additional security equipment's solutions to schools and 
commercial facilities.
 Build brand awareness through marketing, workshops and partnerships.
 Add system backup and recovery features for data safety.
 Launch the app and target 2,000 parents and 200 schools. Offer loans up 
to Ksh 20,000 per student, repayable over 2 months.
 Collect user feedback via SMS surveys and adjust app features for usability 
and security.
 Year 2
Market & Technology Expansion
 Year 3
 Ensure the system works efficiently on different devices (mobile, tablets, 
desktops).
 Scale operations to reach 2,500 school across Kenya, Introduce virtual learning 
centers and customized educational tablets.
 Begin planning for the next phase of growth, including potential integration 
with AI (e.g., personalized learning, AI-driven chatbots).
 Increase security system installations in residential and commercial sectors.
 Use WhatsApp, Facebook, and local radio to target parents, emphasizing direct 
school payments and low interest rates 
Scale partnerships to include 50% of secondary schools, ensuring seamless fund 
transfers via NEMIS integration.
 Regional Growth, Analytics, and Future Goals
 Reach over 10,000 schools across Kenya.
 Begin regional expansion into neighboring East African countries.
 Strengthen partnerships with government bodies, schools and investors 
for sustained growth.
 Increase loan limits for high-cost schools, maintaining the 30% income cap.
 EXPECTED RETURNS ON INVESTMENT 
Cybernetics Auto Limited has 2 major avenues for income.
 Subscription Model 
[School Management System]
 1 2
 School Management Solutions BASIC MODULES (Charged per School)
 Year One
 Year Two
 Year Three
 Year Four & Five
 Mobile based Loan 
Application Program 
Year 
4 & 5
 NB: Financial projections to be availed 
on request.
 NB: The final expected income will increase from schools who'll join our PREMIUM MODULES who'll 
be paying Kshs 1,800 per student per term.
 Expected Subcriptions
 50 Schools
 500 Schools
 2,500 Schools
 10,000 Schools
 Period
 Annual
 Cost
 50,000 /
Annual Income (Kshs)
 2,500,000 /
Annual
 Annual
 Annual
 50,000 /
50,000 /
50,000 /
25,000,000 /
125,000,000 /
500,000,000 /
LEARNING INSTITUTIONS
 Cybernetics Auto aims to transform education using 
innovative technology that truly supports personalized 
education for all students in Kenya. Our School Management 
is 
a feature-rich and complete System that any school 
(public or private) community would adopt as the portal 
provides state-of-the-art online interactive community and 
easy to use backend for administrative functions. Each of 
our plan gives our clients the appropriate level of access 
to functionalities, connectivity, technology, support and input. Cybernetics Auto School 
Management platform offers modern solutions & unique advantages over conventional 
solutions.
 PARENTS & GUARDIANS
 Our mobile loans app will target Parents / Guardians and 
Schools where we’ll be meeting their financial and 
operational needs in Kenya’s education sector. Parents, 
often constrained by irregular incomes, will access quick 
loans for school fees, ensuring uninterrupted education with 
f
 lexible repayment plans. Schools, facing funding challenges, 
will benefit from timely fee payments via direct loan 
disbursements, enhancing cash flow. 
By partnering with schools to integrate our platform, we ensure seamless transactions and 
build trust, positioning both groups as core customers driving our loan app’s adoption and 
impact.
 CONTACT US:
 +254 705 87 2327
 info@cyberneticsauto.com
 www.cyberneticsauto.com
 Juja City Mall - 2nd Floor
 CYBERNETiCS 
AUTO
